non-functional requirements describe how the system works, while functional requirements describe what the system should do.
(http://reqtest.com/requirements-blog/functional-vs-non-functional-requirements/)

General:
  Non-functional:
    The system should ensure the user is logged in at all times.
    If a user signs out, prompt them to sign in before displaying new pages (profile, comments, etc.)


1. Create Profile
  (Functional) User should be able to create a profile, with an @mun.ca username required, and receive a confirmation email with
  a link. When the link is clicked, the user should return to the index page and be notified that their profile is ready.
  (Non-Functional) User should be presented with the necessary fields to enter their information for the system to retrieve,
  where each field is checked for validity, and the information is passed (via JSON?). A confirmation link should be generated
  and emailed to the user. When the link is clicked,
  The system should ensure the email is a valid @mun.ca account.
  The system should ensure the password is acceptable [need to decide these details. capitals, min/max length, numbers, etc.]
  The system should hash the user's password and store it in the database.

2. Sign In
  (Functional) User should click "sign in" and be presented with fields to enter their username and password, and then click
  "sign in" to be taken to their homepage.
  (Non-Functional) User should be presented with a username and (hidden characters) password field when they click "sign in".
  After entering their credentials and clicking "sign in", the information must be validated from the database. If confirmed, the
  user will be redirected to their homepage and a session will be started. If the information entered was invalid, the user will
  be notified on the sign in page, and they will be asked to retry to enter their credentials.

3. Accessing another user's profile
  (Functional) User should be able to access the profiles of other members a number of different ways, including via a search, through
  a received friend request, through a group, etc. User should click that member's name to be taken to their profile.
  (Non-functional) The system should present the user with another member's profile when requested. When a user navigates to another
  member's profile, the visibility of each post should be checked and only those posts that the user has permission to view should be displayed.

4. Adding a friend
  (Functional) User should be able to send a friend request to another user by clicking a link to do so once they are on that member's
  profile page.
  (Non-functional) When a someone sends a friend request the system should notify the receiver of the request within 5 minutes which prompts
  them to accept or reject. If accepted, the database should add the members to each other's friends lists.

5. Create a post
  (Functional) User should be able to click "create post" while on the "dashboard" or on the page of a group they belong to, and have the ability to
  post content.
  (Non-functional) System must present the user with field(s) though which they can post content when requested. When a user creates a new post
  the system should update the database and display the information of the post within 3 seconds.

6. Edit visibility of a post
  (Functional) User should be able to edit the visibility of any post they have made by clicking on "edit post" and changing the visibility.
  (Non-functional) System should present the user with options for visibility, along with actual editing ability, then the user clicks "edit post".
  When a user edits the visibility options of a particular post, the system should update the database with the new permission rules. The new
  permission rules should take effect within 3 seconds.

7. Comment on a post
  (Functional) User should have the ability to click "reply" on any post they can see (on their dashboard, in a group) and should be able to 
  post content underneath a post.
  (Non-functional) System should present the user with field(s) for posting content under a post when requested. When a user attempts to reply\
  to a post, the system should check if that user has permission to reply based on the visibility rules of the post.
        If they have permission, the system should prompt the user to enter a reply. Once submitted (and verified: ensure the text field is
        not empty, etc.) the database should be updated and the reply should be displayed within 3 seconds. The system should send the
        owner of original post a notification that informs them someone has added a comment to their post.
        If they do not have permission, the system should display a message explaining why the reply cannot be made.

8. Create a group
  (Functional) User should have access to a groups page, accessible from the dashboard, on which they can create a group, or edit any owned group.
  (Non-functional) When a user requests to creata a new group, the system should ensure the group details are acceptable (required fields are
  filled out, permission is set, etc.)
  Once accepted, the system should update the database to include the new group, add the user who created it to the group and set them
  as the owner. The system is then responsible for ensuring the visibility of the group (set by the owner at creation and can be changed at any
  time).

9. Edit a group (as owner)
  (Functional) User should be able to edit any group they own to change the attributes of the group, add or remove members, remove posts, etc.
  (Non-functional) System must allow the user to edit some, if not all, attributes of the group, including possible deletion.
  When the owner changes the type of group (public vs private), the database should update the permission settings of the group.
  When the owner invites a user to the group, the system should send a notification to the user asking them if they would like to join
  the group. If accepted, the system should update the group in database to include the new user as a member.
  When the owner of a group changes another group member's invite privileges, the system should update the members privileges in
  the database. [send member notification?]
  When the owner removes a group member from the group, the system should update the group in the database by removing the member. [notification?]
  When the owner deletes the group, the system should update the database by removing the group. [remove it entirely vs no longer show it]


9. Join a group
  (Functional) User should be able to see public groups on the groups page, and be able to click "join" on any group they wish to, as well as
  being able to join any group they have been invited to (via notifications).
  (Non-functional) System must add user to a group when requested. When a user joins a public group, the system should update the group in the
  database to include the user as a member [send notification to owner?]
  When a user accepts an invite to a private group, the system should update the group in the database to include the user as a member
  [send notification to owner?]


10. Create a schedule
  (Functional) User should be able to create a (one) schedule (from their profile page) of their courses for their friends to view.
  (Non-functional) System should present user with fields to fill out their schedule, including the ability to specify which days and times
  each class occurs, as well as other potential fields (professor's name, etc). System must ensure that friends can see each user's schedule.
  When a user submits a new schedule or adds a course to a schedule, the system should ensure that the required data has been entered
  (course name, course number, time of class.
  The system should confirm that there is not conflict in course times for the schedule and give an error if a conflict exists.
  If the schedule is accepted, the system should add the schedule to the database and display it to the user.


11. Upload a resume
  (Functional) User should be able to upload a (one) resume (from their profile page) for their friends to view.
  (Non-functional) System should allow the user to upload their resume via file upload. System should ensure that friends can see each user's
  resume.
  When a user attempts to upload a resume, the system should confirm that it is an appropriate file format (.pdf, .doc, .docx, etc.).
    If the file is not accepted, the system should give the user an error.
    If the file is accepted, the system should update the database and display the resume on the user's profile.

12. Add item to lost and found
  (Functional) User should be able to create a post in the lost and found section (available from dashboard) about an item they have found.
  (Non-functional) System should present user with fields to create a post about an item they have found, when requested. User should be able
  to include a short description, location, and a photo of the item, so system must present fields appropriate for this.
  When a user attempts to add an item to the lost and found, the system should first confirm that they are signed in.
      If not: give user an error
      If yes: proceed to item information menu
          When a user submits information about an item, the system should confirm the required fields are filled out (description, location
          found, etc.)
              If fields are not filled, the system should give the user an error.
              If the fields are filled, the system should update the database to include the new item.

13. Check lost and found for item
  (Functional) User should be able to access lost and found section and scroll through it to search for any items they may have lost.
  (Non-functional) System should present all posts in lost and found in reverse chronological order (newest first) to user when requested.
  [time limit for posts? eg. 7 days]

14. Remove item from lost and found
  (Functional) Once the owner of an item has been in contact, user who made a post in the lost and found section should be able to remove the post
  for that item. (Click remove item.)
  (Non-functional) System must remove a post from the lost and found section when the user who made that post requests to do so.
  When a user confirms they wish to remove an item from the lost and found, the system should update the database by removing the item
  from the lost and found list.

15. Create a poll
  (Functional) User should be able to create a poll from within a group they are in [or from the dashboard?] and be able to include the
  question/proposal as well as multiple choices for other users to answer [limit of 7-10 choices?].
  (Non-functional) System should present user with fields to specify the question/proposal and potential answers for a poll.
  When a user attempts to create a new poll, the system should check the user's schedule to confirm they are in the course the poll is
  about.
      If user is not in course, give the user an error.
      If the user is in the course, display the "Create poll" page.
        When a user attempts to submit a created poll, the system should confirm the required information has been entered.
          If required information is not entered, the system should give the user an error and specify the fields that are invalid.
          If the required information is entered, the system should add the poll to the database.

16. Vote on a poll
  (Functional) User should be able to see polls in any group they're in [public polls section?] and answer any polls they wish to.
  (Non-functional) System should keep track of all answers to each poll and later display the results of the poll.
  When a user attempts to vote on a poll, the system should check if the user is signed in.
      If not signed in, give the user an error/take them to the login screen
      If the user is signed in:
        The system should check the users schedule to confirm they are in the course the poll is about..
          If the user is not in the course, the system should give the user an error.
          If the user is in the course, the system should confirm that the required fields have been filled out.
            If fields are invalid, the system should give the user an error.
            If the required fields have been filled, the system should update the results of the poll in the database.
